---
title: "Random Thoughts in These Days"
description: ""
author: "Gigi Sung"
date: "1/4/2025"
# draft: true
---

These days, I have been working and concentrating on spending quality alone time. I have been learning a lot, but I have not been able to write down my thoughts. Not because I haven't had time to do so, but because I was sure that I would not commit myself to putting enough time and effort into fully capturing my emotions and thoughts. This is what I feel whenever I keep a journal. After some time, when I revisit the pieces, I am surprised by how flat and reduced the texts are, and I soon become deflated by the fact that the mediocre words have overwritten my rich feelings and thoughts. But regardless of the fact that my writing almost always fails to capture the sophisticated aspects of my thoughts, I still feel the need to write.

Or else, the only artifacts that I leave on Earth would be those of ChatGPT. I admit that the text prediction model is quite impressive, and most of the time, generates more concise and quintessential pieces. The texts are almost too perfect, meaning coherent and decisive, that they sound eerie. I wonder if "Uncanny Valley" is not only for visual representation but also for textual representation.

Anyhow, I plan to build muscles for writing. The muscles for reflection and spirituality. The muscles for keeping a record of all the bad and good things happening in my life. About things that drag me down and boost me up. About people who have shared love and people who have manipulated me.





